This is a small app I made to help with my WaniKani studying. It can be found live at . In order to actually use that app, you need a WaniKani API key, but you can get this for free by signing up for WaniKani.

The problem that I wanted to solve was that it seemed like a lot of the learning I was doing in WaniKani was context dependent. Since I am very new to learning Japanese and I am trying to build up a solid vocab base before diving into focusing more on grammer, I don't see a lot of the Kanji I am learning outside of WaniKani. Indeed, even the fact that you learn in levels means that I often only see certain Kanji within the context of other Kanji from that level. This means that I am less able to recognize the reading and meaning of that Kanji outside of that specific context.

So, I have created this app that allows you to practice all of the Kanji you know from WaniKani outside of the spaced repitition system. This might be slightly controversial depending on your view of how SRS works. My own view is that SRS basically just increases the effeiciency with which you memorize. That is, you could of course memorize a single thing best if you repeated reviewing it as many times as possible over as long a time frame as possible. MY view is that SRS basically solves the problem of when you are trying to memorize hundreds or thousands of things in an efficient way, but that in general reviewing more often is probably beneficial to how well you will remember something.

An additional compotent is that I was often unable to recognize Kanji in other fonts. Therefore, I wanted to add the ability to switch between some different fonts to improve my ability to recognize them in new contexts.
